{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 could I confirm that pieces are able to be part of multiple capsules under this plan? also, the confusion between the piece cryptographic identity and the device identity was meant to be ameliorated by separating the language to use "piece," do you think it will actually just cause more confusion? For example, \'93device_identity.json\'94 would be misnamed under this scheme (for protocol use), whereas \'93SimBleDevice\'94 would be correctly named (linked physical characteristics of the device). like, previously I tried to use different language for "shard" in the erasure coding scheme but it was recommended I backtrack and use it after all, since it's so specific and entrenched as the name for that type of data; it assists coding & coders to use the right language. I can't judge whether "device" is another such instance, where defining a "piece" identity is just going to bewilder people, or if the separation between the physical device identity (what already exists, the fingerprinting based on real discovered hardware characteristics etc) and the identity in the world of flows, which might be more plural (multiple users on one device, say) will be helpful. There is probably a middle ground like descriptive modifiers on the word device or identity depending on setting, where disambiguation is necessary. It\'92s possible I have a different kind of misunderstanding, related to keystores on devices, which we do want to fit into/be compatible with, so maybe that sets the language. I figured there would be some way to do device-specific and identity-within-app-specific identities differently using those os-level tools? Anyway, another question is whether the "central" BLE role creates a strict hub-spoke hierarchy, or if you could have a network composed entirely of central BLE roles (this is the intended design). I don't want to have to select one devices to be a center, and only be able to connect peripherals to that. I do understand the need for peripherals, and understand that a network composed of only peripherals is not possible, for good reasons (please correct if wrong). It's possible I'm misunderstanding and the central/peripheral dichotomy is actually a built-in property of BLE, and every BLE connection is one of each, in which case, great, I'm just talking about something different. Could I ask why we\'92re going through Flutter\'92s Bluetooth? I\'92d rather not be dependent on that if possible; it seems like it should definitely be allowed to use a different frontend for app development without wiring the frontend\'92s bluetooth into soradyne as a chore with nothing to do with your own app development, as if soradyne has never heard of bluetooth before. Anyway, I heard (from you actually) that the natural way to use FFI is to call it from Dart, and setting up callbacks for the rust to use is messy & unreliable. Also, if no app is shown on the screen, does that mean no data syncing with self-data flows? Probably flutter can set up background processes, but then someone using a different frontend would have to code up a new soradyne-specific bluetooth background process (I think?), and I can only imagine the reliability problems compounding. Probably having all the demos use Flutter was a mistake if a modular backend is what we\'92re developing. I wonder if I should add a Tauri app as a parallel demo to be sure things stay separated properly? Maybe a simple Flow Viewer that could inspect the state of something like a convergentdocument. More about ensuring modularity across frontends than offering some intrinsically useful application. Or port one of the demos. Does a Tauri app normally work immediately on mobile? I\'92ve only used it on desktop. I will also need soradyne to run on a VR headset eventually, a meta quest 2 running custom unity projects is what I have at the moment\'97I have no idea whether rust will naturally fit into that environment, or if soradyne will need a C# implementation. The Nestbox project is in Python for aligners via Torch, but uses protobuf to enable interoperability with Unity to pass data in and out of the VR headset. Anyway, all this to say, I would love for the platform independence I need to come from Rust. Can part of the project be, a Rust module that just implements every needed platform\'92s preferred way to do bluetooth from Rust? Feel free to push back, I\'92m not so experienced with bluetooth development, it might not even be possible to do bluetooth at all without a foregrounded app on mobile (even then I\'92d prefer the middle ground of something that can be used from Tauri or Flutter, and has the right wiring selected based on the frontend).}